README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/sugamraut/sugamraut/blob/main/jpeg.jpg" width="200"/></p>
<p align="center"><img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=arhanjoshi&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""></p>

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Arhan <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="40"> 
 </h1>

-  I’m interested in Data Analysis and SWD.
-  I’m actively looking for Internship/Full-time Opportunities.
-  Interning at FourSymmetrons as an ML Intern learning ML, Convolution Neural Network, Image Detection and Extraction using YOLOv8 and Detectron2.

  ### 🤝 Connect with me:
  <div align="center">
    <a href="mailto:arhanjoshiofficial@gmail.com" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/email-%23D14836.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=mail.ru&logoColor=white alt=email style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/arhan-joshi-634634276/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
     
  </div>

   ### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :
<div style="margin: 10px;"><img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/9f4f5cdb393299a81125eb5127929ea7bfe42889/icons/python/python-original.svg" title="Python" alt="Python3" width="40">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/ca28c779441053191ff11710fe24a9e6c23690d6/icons/java/java-original.svg" title="Java" alt="Java" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" title="C++ lang" alt="C++ lang" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" title="Swift" alt="Swift" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML5" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="Javascript" alt="Javascript" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/ca28c779441053191ff11710fe24a9e6c23690d6/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="Reactjs" alt="Reactjs" width="40" style="margin: 10px;"> 
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" title="Flutter" alt="Flutter" width="40" style="margin: 10px;"> 
   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pandas/pandas-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Pandas" alt="Pandas" width="40" style="margin: 10px;"> 
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" title="VScode" alt="VScode" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pytorch/pytorch-original.svg" title="PyTorch" alt="PyTorch" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" title="Git" alt="Git" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">  
   
</div>

Commit message:

Update README with current roles and interests
Added current part-time roles as Data Analyst and Coding Instructor.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/sugamraut/sugamraut/blob/main/jpeg.jpg" width="200"/></p>
<p align="center"><img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=arhanjoshi&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""></p>

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Arhan <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="40"> 
 </h1>

-  I’m interested in Data Analysis and SWD.
-  I’m actively looking for Internship/Full-time Opportunities.
-  Interning at FourSymmetrons as an ML Intern learning ML, Convolution Neural Network, Image Detection and Extraction using YOLOv8 and Detectron2.
-  Working part-time as a Data Analyst for Quantitative Research project at Arizona State University.
-  Working part-time as a Coding Instructor at iCode teaching computer science and programming to kids aged 6-15.

  ### 🤝 Connect with me:
  <div align="center">
    <a href="mailto:arhanjoshiofficial@gmail.com" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/email-%23D14836.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=mail.ru&logoColor=white alt=email style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/arhan-joshi-634634276/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
     
  </div>

   ### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :
<div style="margin: 10px;"><img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/9f4f5cdb393299a81125eb5127929ea7bfe42889/icons/python/python-original.svg" title="Python" alt="Python3" width="40">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/ca28c779441053191ff11710fe24a9e6c23690d6/icons/java/java-original.svg" title="Java" alt="Java" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" title="C++ lang" alt="C++ lang" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" title="Swift" alt="Swift" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML5" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="Javascript" alt="Javascript" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/ca28c779441053191ff11710fe24a9e6c23690d6/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="Reactjs" alt="Reactjs" width="40" style="margin: 10px;"> 
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" title="Flutter" alt="Flutter" width="40" style="margin: 10px;"> 
   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pandas/pandas-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Pandas" alt="Pandas" width="40" style="margin: 10px;"> 
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" title="VScode" alt="VScode" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">
   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/pytorch/pytorch-original.svg" title="PyTorch" alt="PyTorch" width="40"style="margin: 10px;">
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" title="Git" alt="Git" width="40" style="margin: 10px;">  
   
</div>
